[docs] Adding Links to Learn (#6611)
hashicorp/consul: website/source/docs/internals/architecture.html.md

[glossary](/docs/glossary.html) of terms to help
clarify what is being discussed.

> You can apply the architecture concepts in this document to a local Consul cluster by following this [Getting started guide](https://learn.hashicorp.com/consul/getting-started/join?utm_source=consul.io&utm_medium=docs).

Reviewer: 🤔 I'm not sure this is the right thing to link from here exactly. If we had our "server and client tour" guide it would be perfect here but alas. Maybe the reference architecture might b a good resource instead?

> You can apply the architecture concepts in this document to a local Consul cluster by following this [Getting started guide](https://learn.hashicorp.com/consul/getting-started/join?utm_source=consul.io&utm_medium=docs).

Author: ```suggestion
The architecture concepts in this document can be used with the [Reference Architecture guide](https://learn.hashicorp.com/consul/datacenter-deploy/reference-architecture?utm_source=consul.io&utm_medium=docs) when deploying Consul in production.
```
